1) The program I want to design is a automatic grocery list sorter. This program would take an input of grocery items and then output a sort list of grocery items. a sorted list would have each of the items sorted by the row they are in.
	a) There would be an graphical object that would display the available items within the database. There would be a graphical object that would be interacted with by the user to enter there items. There would be a grapical object that would display the output of the program. There would be a graphical object that will display the items the users has already entered. There would be a an object to repersent an entry within the database (int rowNumber string itemName). There will also be an object that repersents the database itself.
	
	b)refer img0.jpg (I was sort of unsure what the difference was between questions b and e so I just used the same image for both let me know if I am missing something for either of the questions)
	
	c)refer img1.jpg. as well as these answers which are assoitated with the table in the image
		1)The user entry will interact with the available items objects to confirm that the users input is a valid item within the database.
		2)The available items object will be made up of entry objects.
		3)The available items object will be populated by the contents of the database that are currently available.
		4)The already entered items will be populated by the user entries.
		5)The output is going to take the input(already entered items) then sort them and display them.
		6)The output will consist of entry objects.
	
	d)I could make a test to ensure that when a user inputs an entry it gets added to the already entered items object correctly. I could create a test to ensure that when the available items object pull from the database it gets every item and enters them correctly. I could write a test that ensure when the user enters an item thats in the available items object it will be properly converted in to its corresponding user entry object.	
	
	e)refer img0.jpg (I was sort of unsure what the difference was between questions b and e so I just used the same image for both let me know if I am missing something for either of the questions)
